Revamp dbaas documentation (#991)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/dbaas/setting-up.md

# Setting up DBaaS

> To enable and use the Database as a Service (DBaaS) feature in PMM, see [DBaaS](../dbaas/get-started.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Database as a Service (DBaaS) solution in PMM there are a few things that need to be setup first including a suitable Kubernetes Cluster.  If you've already got a kubernetes cluster you can jump ahead enabling it in [PMM](../dbaas/get-started.html). 
```

> You can use [free K8s provided by Percona](https://www.percona.com/blog/private-dbaas-with-free-kubernetes-cluster/) for evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Kubernetes cluster available you can use the [free K8s provided by Percona](https://www.percona.com/blog/private-dbaas-with-free-kubernetes-cluster/) for evaluation which will allow you to play around with DBaaS for 3 hours before the cluster expires.
```

> You can also create K8s on AWS using these [instructions](https://www.percona.com/blog/dbaas-kubernetes-in-under-20-min/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a Kubernetes cluster that doesn't expire you can use our "easy script", you can find the instructions [here](https://www.percona.com/blog/dbaas-kubernetes-in-under-20-min/).  

In the sections that follow we'll try to outline the steps to create your own Kubernetes cluster in a few popular ways.  
```

Reviewer: I'm also not sure the next section makes any sense now...or at least not where it is...perhaps the steps to install minikube should be in the minikube configure section

    ```sh
    eksctl create cluster --write-kubeconfig --name=your-cluster-name --zones=us-west-2a,us-west-2b --kubeconfig <PATH_TO_KUBECONFIG>
    ```

> 2. Follow the instructions on [How to add a Kubernetes cluster](../dbaas/get-started.md#add-a-kubernetes-cluster) with kubeconfig from the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the resulting kubeconfig and follow these instructions to [register a Kubernetes cluster to PMM](../dbaas/get-started.md#add-a-kubernetes-cluster).
```

    !!! note alert alert-primary ""

>         If possible, the connection details will show the cluster's external IP (not possible with minikube).

Reviewer: What do you mean "if possible"?

Author: I had the same question :D I'll rephrase this
